vmalert: fix duplicated metrics for dynamically discovered notifier… (#9285)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): add `datasource_type` query argument for `/api/v1/rules` and `/api/v1/alerts` endpoints to filter response by rule's datasource [type](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/#groups). See [#8537](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8537).

* BUGFIX: [dashboards/vmagent](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/12683) and [dashboards/vmalert](https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/14950): fix ad-hoc filters auto-complete and filtering on panels that use MetricsQL specific expressions. See [#8657](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/8657). 

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): fix deduplicated metrics for dynamically discovered notifiers via Consul and DNS. See [#9260](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9260).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): fix exposition of duplicated metrics for dynamically discovered notifiers via Consul and DNS. See [#9260](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/9260).
```
